README.md, before:

# DAFL: Directed Grey-box Fuzzing guided by Data Dependency (Paper Artifact)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.8031029.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.8031029)

This is the artifact of the paper *DAFL: Directed Grey-box Fuzzing guided by Data Dependency* to appear in USENIX Security 2023.

## __1. Getting started__
### __1.1. System requirements__
To run the experiments in the paper, we used a 64-core (Intel Xeon Processor Gold 6226R, 2.90 GHz) machine
with 192 GB of RAM and Ubuntu 20.04. Out of 64 cores, We utilized 40 cores with 4 GB of RAM assigned for each core.

The system requirements depend on the desired experimental throughput.
For example, if you want to run 10 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
we recommend using a machine with at least 16 cores and 64 GB of RAM.

You can set the number of iterations to be run in parallel and the amount of RAM to assign to each fuzzing session
by modifying the `MAX_INSTANCE_NUM` and `MEM_PER_INSTANCE` variables in `scripts/common.py`.
The default values are 40 and 4, respectively.

Additionally, we assume that the following environment settings are met.
- Ubuntu 20.04
- Docker
- python 3.8+
- pip3

For the Python dependencies required to run the experiment scripts, run
```
yes | pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

&nbsp;

### __1.2. System configuration__

To run AFL-based fuzzers, you should first fix the core dump name pattern.
```
$ echo core | sudo tee /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern
```

If your system has `/sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq` directory, AFL may
also complain about the CPU frequency scaling configuration. Check the current
configuration and remember it if you want to restore it later. Then, set it to
`performance`, as requested by AFL.
```
$ cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_governor
powersave
powersave
powersave
powersave
$ echo performance | sudo tee /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_governor
```

&nbsp;

### __1.3. Preparing the Docker image__

Our artifact is composed of two parts: the Docker image and the framework to build and utilize it.
The Docker image contains all the necessary tools and dependencies to run the fuzzing experiments.
The framework, which holds this README file, is used to build the Docker image and orchestrate the fuzzing experiments.

**Recommended**
You can pull the pre-built Docker image from Dockerhub.

To do so, run
```
$ docker pull prosyslab/dafl-artifact
```
The image is big (around 25 GB) and it may take a while to download.

**DIY**
If you want to build the docker image yourself, run
```
docker build -t prosyslab/dafl-artifact -f Dockerfile .
```
However, we do not recommend this because it will take an extremely long time (up to 3~4 days) to build.
Nonetheless, we provide the Docker file and the relevant scripts to show how the Docker image was built.

&nbsp;

## 2. __Directory structure__


### __2.1. Local framework structure__

```
├─ README.md                     <- The top-level README (this file)
│  │ 
├─ docker-setup                  <- All scripts and data required to build the Docker image
│  │
│  ├─ benchmark-project          <- Directory to build each benchmark project-wise
│  │  ├─ binutils-2.26
│  │  │  ├─ poc                  <- POC files for each target in binutils-2.26
│  │  │  └─ build.sh             <- The build script to build binutils-2.26
│  │  ├─ ...
│  │  │
│  │  └─ build-target.sh         <- A wrapper script to build each benchmark project
│  │
│  ├─ target                     <- Target program locations for each target
│  │  ├─ line                    <- Target lines
│  │  └─ stack-trace             <- Target stack trace (for AFLGo)
│  │
│  ├─ tool-script                <- Directory for fuzzing scripts
│  │  └─ run_*.sh                <- The fuzzing scripts to run each fuzzing tool
│  │
│  ├─ Beacon-binaries            <- Binaries extracted from the provided Docker image
│  │                                (yguoaz/beacon: Docker SHA256 hash a09c8cb)
│  │
│  ├─ windranger.tar.gz          <- Implementation of WindRanger extracted from the provided Docker image
│  │                                (ardu/windranger: Docker SHA256 hash 8614ceb)
│  │
│  └─ setup_*.sh                 <- The setup scripts to setup each fuzzing tool
│  └─ build_bench_*.sh           <- The build scripts to build the target programs
│
├─ DAFL                          <- Implementation of DAFL, the fuzzer
├─ DAFL_energy                   <- Variant of DAFL that uses only utilizes energy scheduling
│
├─ sparrow                       <- Implementation of Sparrow, the static analyzer
│
├─ scripts                       <- Directory for scripts
│
├─ output                        <- Directory where outputs are stored
│
├─ scripts                       <- Directory for scripts
│
├─ Dockerfile                    <- Docker file used to build the Docker image
│
├─ sa_overhead.csv               <- Static analysis overheads for each tool
│
└─ requirements.txt              <- Python requirements for the scripts
```


### __2.2. Docker directory structure__

```
├─ benchmark                     <- Directory for benchmark data
│  │
│  ├─ bin                        <- Target binaries built for each fuzzing tool
│  │  ├─ AFL
│  │  ├─ ...
│  │
│  ├─ target                     <- Target program locations for each target
│  │  ├─ line                    <- Target lines
│  │  └─ stack-trace             <- Target stack trace (for AFLGo)
│  │
│  │
│  ├─ poc                        <- Proof of concept inputs for each target
│  │
│  ├─ seed                       <- Seed inputs for each target
│  │
│  ├─ smake-out                  <- Input files for Sparrow, the static analyzer
│  │
│  ├─ DAFL-input                 <- Input files for DAFL
│  │  ├─ dfg                     <- Data flow graph
│  │  └─ inst-targ               <- Instrumentation targets (list of functions)
│  ├─ DAFL-input-naive           <- Input files for DAFL, but with naive slicing
│  │
│  └─ build_bench_*.sh           <- The build scripts to build the target programs
│                                   for each fuzzing tool
│
├─ fuzzer                        <- Directory for fuzzing tools
│  ├─ AFL                        <- The initial rule used for
│  ├─ ...
│  └─ setup_*.sh                 <- The setup scripts to setup each fuzzing tool
│
├─ tool-script                   <- Directory for fuzzing scripts
│  └─ run_*.sh                   <- The fuzzing scripts to run each fuzzing tool
│                                    
└─ sparrow                       <- Implementation of Sparrow, the static analyzer
```


## 3. __Reproducing the results in the paper__

&nbsp;

### __3.1. Running the experiment on specific targets__

To run the experiment on specific targets, you can run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run [target] [timelimit] [iteration] [tool list]
```

For example, you can run the experiment on CVE `2018-11496` in `lrzip-ed51e14` for 60 seconds and 40 iterations
with the tool `AFL`, `AFLGo`, `WindRanger`, `Beacon`, and `DAFL` by the following command.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496 60 40 "AFL AFLGo WindRanger Beacon DAFL"
```

The result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496.csv`,
under `output/lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496-60sec-40iters`.

For the available choices of targets, refer to the `FUZZ_TARGETS` in `scripts/benchmark.py`.


&nbsp;

### __3.2. Running the experiments in each table and figure__

To reproduce the results in each table and figure, you can use the script `scripts/reproduce.py` as the following.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run [table/figure name] [timelimit in seconds] [iterations]
```
First, the corresponding fuzzing experiment will be run.\
Then the results are saved under `output/[table/figure]-[timelimit]sec-[iteration]iters`.\
Finally, the result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `[table/figure].csv`, under the corresponding output directory.

For example, by the following command,
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2 86400 40
```
6 fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, Beacon, and DAFL (with and without ASAN to compare with Beacon) will be run on all targets for 24 hours and 40 iterations to reproduce the results in Table 2. The results will be stored under `output/tbl2-86400sec-40iters` and parsed to `output/tbl2-86400sec-40iters/tbl2.csv`.

FYI, you can choose from the following table/figure names.
- `tbl2, fig7, fig8, fig9` 

&nbsp;

### __3.3. Running the scaled down version of 3.2__

Reproducing the experiments in our paper at a full scale will take a very long time with limited resources.
For example, we ran a 24-hour fuzzing session with 6 fuzzers on 41 targets, each repeated 40 times
for the main experiment described in Section 4.2 of our paper.
If run on a single machine capable of running 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel, this experiment takes 246 days of fuzzing time.
Thus, we provide a scaled-down version of the experiment that can be run in a reasonable amount of time.
Under the assumption of running the experiment on a machine that is capable to run 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
each scaled-down version of the experiment can be run in 2~8 days.

The scaled-down version excludes targets where all the fuzzers resulted in timeout.
Evaluating such targets are time-consuming, and the results are less comparable to each other.
Thus, we excluded 9 targets by commenting them out from the list `SCALED_FUZZ_TARGETS` in `scripts/benchmark.py`.

For the remaining targets, we run the experiment with a shorter time limit.
This time limit is set based on the previous observation of the TTE required for each target.
Refer to the lists `under*` in `scripts/benchmark.py` for the time limit set for each target.

The iterations in the scaled-down version of the experiment are also reduced to 10.
Furthermore, for the experiment in Table 2, we only run the experiment where ASAN options are enabled,
thus only comparing AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, and DAFL.

To run the scaled-down version of the experiment, run the experiment with the `-scaled` attached to the target argument.
For example, to run the scaled-down version of the experiment in Table 2, run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2-scaled 86400 10
```
This will run four fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, DAFL on aforementioned four targets, each repeated 10 times for 24 hours. 

Note that running AFL and DAFL is common to all experiments (Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9).
Once you have run the experiment for Table 2,
the experiment script automatically reuses the results from the experiment of Table 2 for the following experiments
to further reduce the fuzzing time.
Just make sure that the results are under the directory `output/tbl2-scaled-86400sec-10iters`.

Please keep in mind that reducing the number of iterations will cause fluctuation of the results
due to the randomness of the fuzzing process and may be the cause of the difference in the results.

### __3.4. Running the minimal version of 3.2__

Taking the scaled-down version to an extreme, we also provide a minimal version of the experiment.
If you are in real hurry, you can choose to run this version.

This minimal version comprises the following four targets:
- swftophp-4.8-2018-11225
- swftophp-4.8-2019-12982
- xmllint-2017-9048
- cjpeg-1.5.90-2018-14498

These targets are chosen because they clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of DAFL,
while other fuzzers have hard time reproducing them.

The rest is same as the scaled-down version.

To run the minimal version of the experiment, run the experiment with the `-minimal` attached to the target argument.
For example, to run the scaled-down version of the experiment in Table 2, run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2-minimal 86400 10
```
This will run four fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, DAFL on aforementioned four targets, each repeated 10 times for 24 hours. 

Note that running AFL and DAFL is common to all experiments (Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9).
Once you have run the experiment for Table 2,
the experiment script automatically reuses the results from the experiment of Table 2 for the following experiments
to further reduce the fuzzing time.
Just make sure that the results are under the directory `output/tbl2-minimal-86400sec-10iters`.


&nbsp;

### __3.5. Parsing the results__

If you have already run the fuzzing sessions and only want to parse the results, you can run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse [figure/table/target] [timelimit] [iteration]
```

If the corresponding output directory exists in the form of `[table/figure/target]-[timelimit]sec-[iteration]iters`,
the existing fuzzing result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `[figure/table/target].csv`, under the corresponding output directory

&nbsp;

### __3.5. Plotting the results__

If you run an experiment with predefined settings (i.e., the experiment in Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9, or the scaled-down version of them), bar plots are automatically generated after parsing the results.

Checkout the pdf file that is generated under the corresponding output directory.

&nbsp;

## __4. The results of the experiments in the paper__

You can retrieve the results of the experiments in the paper from [here](url).
Download the file `DAFL_experiments.tar.gz`, extract the files, and move them to the appropriate
location with the following command.
Note that the size of the file after extraction is about 48GB, so be sure to have enough storage space

Run
```
wget or download the archived file
tar -xvf DAFL_experiments.tar.gz
mv DAFL_experiments output/origin
```
Then you can parse the results by running the following command to get the same results as in the paper.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse [origin-(figure/table)] 86400 40
```

Note that you must notate the desired target with the prefix `origin-`.

For example, if you want to get the original results used for Figure 6,
run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse origin-fig6 86400
```

The CSV file will be stored in the `output/origin` directory.

Commit message:

[README] specify required time for each experiment

README.md, after:

# DAFL: Directed Grey-box Fuzzing guided by Data Dependency (Paper Artifact)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.8031029.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.8031029)

This is the artifact of the paper *DAFL: Directed Grey-box Fuzzing guided by Data Dependency* to appear in USENIX Security 2023.

## __1. Getting started__
### __1.1. System requirements__
To run the experiments in the paper, we used a 64-core (Intel Xeon Processor Gold 6226R, 2.90 GHz) machine
with 192 GB of RAM and Ubuntu 20.04. Out of 64 cores, We utilized 40 cores with 4 GB of RAM assigned for each core.

The system requirements depend on the desired experimental throughput.
For example, if you want to run 10 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
we recommend using a machine with at least 16 cores and 64 GB of RAM.

You can set the number of iterations to be run in parallel and the amount of RAM to assign to each fuzzing session
by modifying the `MAX_INSTANCE_NUM` and `MEM_PER_INSTANCE` variables in `scripts/common.py`.
The default values are 40 and 4, respectively.

Additionally, we assume that the following environment settings are met.
- Ubuntu 20.04
- Docker
- python 3.8+
- pip3

For the Python dependencies required to run the experiment scripts, run
```
yes | pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

&nbsp;

### __1.2. System configuration__

To run AFL-based fuzzers, you should first fix the core dump name pattern.
```
$ echo core | sudo tee /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern
```

If your system has `/sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq` directory, AFL may
also complain about the CPU frequency scaling configuration. Check the current
configuration and remember it if you want to restore it later. Then, set it to
`performance`, as requested by AFL.
```
$ cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_governor
powersave
powersave
powersave
powersave
$ echo performance | sudo tee /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*/cpufreq/scaling_governor
```

&nbsp;

### __1.3. Preparing the Docker image__

Our artifact is composed of two parts: the Docker image and the framework to build and utilize it.
The Docker image contains all the necessary tools and dependencies to run the fuzzing experiments.
The framework, which holds this README file, is used to build the Docker image and orchestrate the fuzzing experiments.

**Recommended**
You can pull the pre-built Docker image from Dockerhub.

To do so, run
```
$ docker pull prosyslab/dafl-artifact
```
The image is big (around 25 GB) and it may take a while to download.

**DIY**
If you want to build the docker image yourself, run
```
docker build -t prosyslab/dafl-artifact -f Dockerfile .
```
However, we do not recommend this because it will take an extremely long time (up to 3~4 days) to build.
Nonetheless, we provide the Docker file and the relevant scripts to show how the Docker image was built.

&nbsp;

## 2. __Directory structure__


### __2.1. Local framework structure__

```
├─ README.md                     <- The top-level README (this file)
│  │ 
├─ docker-setup                  <- All scripts and data required to build the Docker image
│  │
│  ├─ benchmark-project          <- Directory to build each benchmark project-wise
│  │  ├─ binutils-2.26
│  │  │  ├─ poc                  <- POC files for each target in binutils-2.26
│  │  │  └─ build.sh             <- The build script to build binutils-2.26
│  │  ├─ ...
│  │  │
│  │  └─ build-target.sh         <- A wrapper script to build each benchmark project
│  │
│  ├─ target                     <- Target program locations for each target
│  │  ├─ line                    <- Target lines
│  │  └─ stack-trace             <- Target stack trace (for AFLGo)
│  │
│  ├─ tool-script                <- Directory for fuzzing scripts
│  │  └─ run_*.sh                <- The fuzzing scripts to run each fuzzing tool
│  │
│  ├─ Beacon-binaries            <- Binaries extracted from the provided Docker image
│  │                                (yguoaz/beacon: Docker SHA256 hash a09c8cb)
│  │
│  ├─ windranger.tar.gz          <- Implementation of WindRanger extracted from the provided Docker image
│  │                                (ardu/windranger: Docker SHA256 hash 8614ceb)
│  │
│  └─ setup_*.sh                 <- The setup scripts to setup each fuzzing tool
│  └─ build_bench_*.sh           <- The build scripts to build the target programs
│
├─ DAFL                          <- Implementation of DAFL, the fuzzer
├─ DAFL_energy                   <- Variant of DAFL that uses only utilizes energy scheduling
│
├─ sparrow                       <- Implementation of Sparrow, the static analyzer
│
├─ scripts                       <- Directory for scripts
│
├─ output                        <- Directory where outputs are stored
│
├─ scripts                       <- Directory for scripts
│
├─ Dockerfile                    <- Docker file used to build the Docker image
│
├─ sa_overhead.csv               <- Static analysis overheads for each tool
│
└─ requirements.txt              <- Python requirements for the scripts
```


### __2.2. Docker directory structure__

```
├─ benchmark                     <- Directory for benchmark data
│  │
│  ├─ bin                        <- Target binaries built for each fuzzing tool
│  │  ├─ AFL
│  │  ├─ ...
│  │
│  ├─ target                     <- Target program locations for each target
│  │  ├─ line                    <- Target lines
│  │  └─ stack-trace             <- Target stack trace (for AFLGo)
│  │
│  │
│  ├─ poc                        <- Proof of concept inputs for each target
│  │
│  ├─ seed                       <- Seed inputs for each target
│  │
│  ├─ smake-out                  <- Input files for Sparrow, the static analyzer
│  │
│  ├─ DAFL-input                 <- Input files for DAFL
│  │  ├─ dfg                     <- Data flow graph
│  │  └─ inst-targ               <- Instrumentation targets (list of functions)
│  ├─ DAFL-input-naive           <- Input files for DAFL, but with naive slicing
│  │
│  └─ build_bench_*.sh           <- The build scripts to build the target programs
│                                   for each fuzzing tool
│
├─ fuzzer                        <- Directory for fuzzing tools
│  ├─ AFL                        <- The initial rule used for
│  ├─ ...
│  └─ setup_*.sh                 <- The setup scripts to setup each fuzzing tool
│
├─ tool-script                   <- Directory for fuzzing scripts
│  └─ run_*.sh                   <- The fuzzing scripts to run each fuzzing tool
│                                    
└─ sparrow                       <- Implementation of Sparrow, the static analyzer
```


## 3. __Reproducing the results in the paper__

&nbsp;

### __3.1. Running the experiment on specific targets__

To run the experiment on specific targets, you can run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run [target] [timelimit] [iteration] [tool list]
```

For example, you can run the experiment on CVE `2018-11496` in `lrzip-ed51e14` for 60 seconds and 40 iterations
with the tool `AFL`, `AFLGo`, `WindRanger`, `Beacon`, and `DAFL` by the following command.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496 60 40 "AFL AFLGo WindRanger Beacon DAFL"
```

The result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496.csv`,
under `output/lrzip-ed51e14-2018-11496-60sec-40iters`.

For the available choices of targets, refer to the `FUZZ_TARGETS` in `scripts/benchmark.py`.


&nbsp;

### __3.2. Running the experiments in each table and figure__

To reproduce the results in each table and figure, you can use the script `scripts/reproduce.py` as the following.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run [table/figure name] [timelimit in seconds] [iterations]
```
First, the corresponding fuzzing experiment will be run.\
Then the results are saved under `output/[table/figure]-[timelimit]sec-[iteration]iters`.\
Finally, the result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `[table/figure].csv`, under the corresponding output directory.

For example, by the following command,
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2 86400 40
```
6 fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, Beacon, and DAFL (with and without ASAN to compare with Beacon) will be run on all targets for 24 hours and 40 iterations to reproduce the results in Table 2. The results will be stored under `output/tbl2-86400sec-40iters` and parsed to `output/tbl2-86400sec-40iters/tbl2.csv`.

FYI, you can choose from the following table/figure names.
- `tbl2, fig7, fig8, fig9` 

With a machine capable of running 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
the required time for each experiment is as follows.
- Table 2: 246 days
- Figure 7: 96 days
- Figure 8: 126 days
- Figure 9: 126 days

&nbsp;

### __3.3. Running the scaled down version of 3.2__

Reproducing the experiments in our paper at a full scale will take a very long time with limited resources.
For example, we ran a 24-hour fuzzing session with 6 fuzzers on 41 targets, each repeated 40 times
for the main experiment described in Section 4.2 of our paper.
If run on a single machine capable of running 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel, this experiment takes 246 days of fuzzing time.
Thus, we provide a scaled-down version of the experiment that can be run in a reasonable amount of time.
Under the assumption of running the experiment on a machine that is capable to run 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
each scaled-down version of the experiment can be run in 2~8 days.

The scaled-down version excludes targets where all the fuzzers resulted in timeout.
Evaluating such targets are time-consuming, and the results are less comparable to each other.
Thus, we excluded 9 targets by commenting them out from the list `SCALED_FUZZ_TARGETS` in `scripts/benchmark.py`.

For the remaining targets, we run the experiment with a shorter time limit.
This time limit is set based on the previous observation of the TTE required for each target.
Refer to the lists `under*` in `scripts/benchmark.py` for the time limit set for each target.

The iterations in the scaled-down version of the experiment are also reduced to 10.
Furthermore, for the experiment in Table 2, we only run the experiment where ASAN options are enabled,
thus only comparing AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, and DAFL.

To run the scaled-down version of the experiment, run the experiment with the `-scaled` attached to the target argument.
For example, to run the scaled-down version of the experiment in Table 2, run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2-scaled 86400 10
```
This will run four fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, DAFL on aforementioned four targets, each repeated 10 times for 24 hours. 

Note that running AFL and DAFL is common to all experiments (Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9).
Once you have run the experiment for Table 2,
the experiment script automatically reuses the results from the experiment of Table 2 for the following experiments
to further reduce the fuzzing time.
Just make sure that the results are under the directory `output/tbl2-scaled-86400sec-10iters`.

Please keep in mind that reducing the number of iterations will cause fluctuation of the results
due to the randomness of the fuzzing process and may be the cause of the difference in the results.

With a machine capable of running 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
the required time for each experiment is as follows.
- Table 2 scaled down : 8 days
- Figure 7 scaled down : 6 days (2 days if you reuse the results from Table 2)
- Figure 8 scaled down: 8 days (4 days if you reuse the results from Table 2)
- Figure 9 scaled down: 8 days (6 days if you reuse the results from Table 2)

### __3.4. Running the minimal version of 3.2__

Taking the scaled-down version to an extreme, we also provide a minimal version of the experiment.
If you are in real hurry, you can choose to run this version.

This minimal version comprises the following four targets:
- swftophp-4.8-2018-11225
- swftophp-4.8-2019-12982
- xmllint-2017-9048
- cjpeg-1.5.90-2018-14498

These targets are chosen because they clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of DAFL,
while other fuzzers have hard time reproducing them.

The rest is same as the scaled-down version.

To run the minimal version of the experiment, run the experiment with the `-minimal` attached to the target argument.
For example, to run the scaled-down version of the experiment in Table 2, run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py run tbl2-minimal 86400 10
```
This will run four fuzzers, AFL, AFLGo, WindRanger, DAFL on aforementioned four targets, each repeated 10 times for 24 hours. 

Note that running AFL and DAFL is common to all experiments (Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9).
Once you have run the experiment for Table 2,
the experiment script automatically reuses the results from the experiment of Table 2 for the following experiments
to further reduce the fuzzing time.
Just make sure that the results are under the directory `output/tbl2-minimal-86400sec-10iters`.

With a machine capable of running 40 fuzzing sessions in parallel,
the required time for each experiment is as follows.
- Table 2 minimal : 4 days
- Figure 7 minimal : 3 days (1 day if you reuse the results from Table 2)
- Figure 8 minimal: 4 days (2 days if you reuse the results from Table 2)
- Figure 9 minimal: 4 days (3 days if you reuse the results from Table 2)

&nbsp;

### __3.5. Parsing the results__

If you have already run the fuzzing sessions and only want to parse the results, you can run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse [figure/table/target] [timelimit] [iteration]
```

If the corresponding output directory exists in the form of `[table/figure/target]-[timelimit]sec-[iteration]iters`,
the existing fuzzing result will be parsed and summarized in a CSV file, `[figure/table/target].csv`, under the corresponding output directory

&nbsp;

### __3.5. Plotting the results__

If you run an experiment with predefined settings (i.e., the experiment in Table 2, Figure 7, Figure 8, Figure 9, or the scaled-down version of them), bar plots are automatically generated after parsing the results.

Checkout the PDF file that is generated under the corresponding output directory.

&nbsp;

## __4. The results of the experiments in the paper__

You can retrieve the results of the experiments in the paper from [here](url).
Download the file `DAFL_experiments.tar.gz`, extract the files, and move them to the appropriate
location with the following command.
Note that the size of the file after extraction is about 48GB, so be sure to have enough storage space

Run
```
wget or download the archived file
tar -xvf DAFL_experiments.tar.gz
mv DAFL_experiments output/origin
```
Then you can parse the results by running the following command to get the same results as in the paper.
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse [origin-(figure/table)] 86400 40
```

Note that you must notate the desired target with the prefix `origin-`.

For example, if you want to get the original results used for Figure 6,
run
```
$ python3 ./scripts/reproduce.py parse origin-fig6 86400
```

The CSV file will be stored in the `output/origin` directory.
